UI reference style guide (#11537)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/content-and-docs/docs-style-guide.mdx

> **Example:** "Go to the [insights tab](https://us.posthog.com/insights) and click **+ New insight**."

### Navigating UI
When documenting UI steps, references to UI elements should be in chronological order. When possible, hyperlink to the correct location.

> **Do:** Under **Settings** > **User**, under the [Two-factor section](https://us.posthog.com/settings/user#2fa), click the **Set up 2FA** button.

> > **Don't:** Under **User** in your **Settings**, click the **Set up 2FA** button under **Two-factor** authentication.

Reviewer: @gewenyu99 I think the examples are better. In hindsight, though, the missing piece is a tiny bit of context about why one example of better than other – e.g. accessibility, machine legibility, etc. Guidelines are good, but people are more likely to follow them when they understand why.

Reviewer 2: +1, help the reader reason through good decisions

Author: Added context.

> For long UI flows, like big menus or settings, use `>` to show the menu or heading hierarchy. Use exact names for headers and labels for easier searching. Clearly state actions like clicks.

Reviewer 2: WAY better, bravo

> **Example:** "Go to the [insights tab](https://us.posthog.com/insights) and click **+ New insight**."

### Navigating UI

> When documenting UI steps, references to UI elements should be in chronological order. When possible, hyper link to the correct location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When documenting UI steps, references to UI elements should be in chronological order. When possible, hyperlink to the correct location.
```

> **Do:** Under **Settings** > **User**, under the [Two-factor section](https://us.posthog.com/settings/user#2fa), click the **Set up 2FA** button.

> **Don't:** Under **User** in your **Settings**, click the **Set up 2FA** button under **Two-factor** authentication.

For long UI flows, like big menus or settings, use `>` to show the menu or heading hierarchy. Use exact names for headers and labels for easier searching. Clearly state actions like clicks.

> **Do:** Under **Settings** > **Product analytics** > **Date & time**, under **Time zone**, select your timezone.

> > **Don't:** Under **Settings** > **Product analytics** > **Date & time** > **Time zone** > select your timezone.

Reviewer 2: I THINK I see the distinction you're drawing here, but the example is super subtle.

Can find a more dramatically contrasting example so this is more instructive?

Reviewer: +1 to this
